
logo Color: #0069a3

Orange: #FF7617

Purpal: #4D3ECB

Skills Star ICT Services Company












Business Plan

2021/6/15















Contact Information
Shuib Niazi
skillsstarict@gmail.com
+9378 8858787 / +93786297946
Shahr-e-now Kabul, Afghanistan



Table of Contents
Overview	3
Objective	3
Mission and Vision	3
Skills Star ICT services	4
Company ownership	4
Management	4
Market Analysis	5
Market Segmentation	5
Target Market Segmentation	5
Strategy and Implementation Strategy	5
Initial Investment	5
Contacts and Address:	5



 
Overview 
Skills Star ICT services company is a non-government, non-partisan, non-political organization which located in Afghanistan. that is involved in Website design, web hosting, Software and applications development, Database Development, ICT training and consultancy services, Network and Infrastructure Support. In addition, skills star will have worked in ICT related Projects, Procurement, Contract and Supplier Management, Data Centre Management, System Administration, Security Management, Application Maintenance and Support, Client Service Management.

Objective
a)	The development of innovative software products and services as part of interdisciplinary projects.
b)	To create New Job opportunities.
c)	To create a competitive environment in ICT sector both on national and international level.
d)	The accessibility of quality services.

Mission and Vision
To be a successful global information and Communication technology company trusted by its customers for service excellence, caring for its employees and collaborating with our customers to deliver innovative and value driven ICT products and services.

To give our customer the very best products and provide excellent customer service so that we may earn their trust and ensure continued business transaction.
To provide an excellent, top-notch and conducive environment for product sales and service delivery.

Teamwork: we work together, across boundaries, to meet the needs of our customers and help the company win.

Excellence: We believe in excellence and practice a continuous process of improvement and innovation.

Integrity: We treat one another, and all our stakeholders with dignity and respect.



Skills Star ICT services
The Service Catalogue is the primary source of information describing the current service offerings provided by the ICT Skills Star Service. This important document is managed under change control, and will continue to evolve throughout the life of the ICT Skills Star Service.
In summary, the following is the current list of ICT Services:
	Website Design, Hosting and Development
	Software and application development.
	Database Design and Development 
	Network and infrastructure support 
	Project, procurement, Contract and supplier management 
	System administration 
	Data center management 
	Network security Services 
	Application maintenance and support 
	ICT training and consultancy services 
	Client service management.
	ICT Logistic Services.
	Any other ICT related services.

Company ownership
Skills Star is privately owned by Shuib Niazi and Sayeda Jan Niazi.
Shuib Niazi is the president of company who has the degree of BCS.
Sayeda Jan Niazi is the voice president of company who has the degree of Civil Engineering.  Each one has 50% shareholding.  
Management
Our management is expected to use resources wisely, operate profitably and abide by laws and regulations. Our management philosophy is based on team work, responsibility and mutual respect. Following table shows our company current staff. 
No	Name	Position	Profession
1	Shuib Niazi	President 	Computer Science
2	Sayeda Jan Niazi	V-president 	Civil Engineering
3	Shirhasan Sediq	Senior Software Developer	Computer Science
4	Basharmal Zazai	Network Engineer	Computer Science

As we work project base, so our company staff will depend on project requirements. 



Market Analysis 
Kabul City is one of the most populated cities in the world with population over 8 million residents. There are thousands of companies, government administrations and NGOs that operate in Kabul city, strive daily to make their offices, administrations, staff and resources to be utilized and secured more effectively using modern technologies.

Market Segmentation 
Local businesses and companies all over Afghanistan.

Target Market Segmentation 
Skills Star will focus on its target market, high profile administrations and organizations along with local businesses and companies all over Afghanistan. 

Strategy and Implementation Strategy
Our strategy is to implement our product and service with local businesses and other companies of Afghanistan, so we can make a profit with a better and efficient service offered to our clients.
We intend to use various forms of marketing communication as an efficient way to reach our target market and raise their awareness of Skills Star products and services.
Initial Investment 
Skills Star has planned to invest 1000000 AFN as its initial investment. 
Contacts and Address:
•	Mobile#: 0788858787-0786292946
•	Email: skillsstarict@gmail.com  
•	Address: Shahr-e-now, Kabul, Afghanistan

